---
layout: event
type: course
city: Sydney
event: LevelUp Build
title: Game of Codes
date: !!timestamp 2014-03-22
location:
  url: https://www.google.com.au/maps/place/ThoughtWorks+Sydney/@-33.863001,151.208787,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x6b12ae42229e02a9:0x339b7ae0de393bb1
registration:
  open: false
  url: http://thoughtworks.us7.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=e01f405fabad2dd5617122558&amp;id=18f24730a0
key-dates:
  - name: Kick Off
    value: 22nd March 2014
  - name: Duration
    value: 6 Weeks
  - name: Regular Classes
    value: Every Mon starting 24th of March 6PM - 9PM
---
###What am I going to learn?

This course is designed to bridge the gap between university and your first full time job.
You'll experience real world [Agile software development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development)
first-hand. You'll learn all about inceptions, standups, story writing, continuous delivery, test automation, pairing, test-driven development, retrospectives and more.

###How?

When you start the course you will meet your team, product owners and come up with a concept for a video game. From then on you will work with your team to deliver a game. The LevelUp team will offer guidance and hands-on support to help you get your software across the line. Make no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!

###When is it?

The kickoff day is on the 22nd March and filled with games, workshops and group work. Then, we meet weekly from the 24th of March, every **Monday night** from 6pm till 9pm.

###What are the different roles?

Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership, overall quality. You will have to collaborate on **all** aspects of the project to ensure a kick-ass game!

- Business analysts work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers will build the game.
- Testers help ensure the overall quality of the product, and provide feedback to developers and business analysts.

###What happens when I pick a role-am I stuck with it?

In order to ensure balanced teams, we need people to stick with their role. However, because this is an agile team, just because you're a developer doesn't mean you'll be writing code all the time.

###What do I need to bring?

Developers  **must** bring their own laptop. Food and drinks will be provided. If you're not a developer, a laptop is useful but not essential.

###But I don't know anything about video games.

I'm sure you have some awesome ideas though.

###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?

To make this the best experience we can we need cross functional teams with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept everyone, places are limited.
