---
layout: event
type: course
city: Sydney
event: LevelUp
title:
active: true
date: !!timestamp 2015-04-11
location:
  url: https://www.google.com.au/maps/place/ThoughtWorks+Sydney/@-33.863001,151.208787,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x6b12ae42229e02a9:0x339b7ae0de393bb1
registration:
  open: false
  url: https://example.com
key-dates:
  - name: Kick Off
    value: SAT 11 APR 2015, 9AM - 5PM
  - name: Duration
    value: 8 Weeks
  - name: Regular Classes
    value: Every Tuesday starting TUE 14 APR 2014, 6PM - 9PM
  - name: Final Showcase
    value: TUE 2 JUN 2015, 6PM - 9PM
---
###Who is this for?

LevelUp is for students approaching the end of their course who are seeking to have an insight into real software delivery projects.

###What am I going to learn?

This course is designed to bridge the gap between university and your first full time job.
You'll experience real world [Agile software development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development) first-hand.
You'll learn all about inceptions, standups, story writing, continuous delivery, test automation, pairing, test-driven development, retrospectives and more.

###How?

When you start the course you will meet your team and product owner. From then on you will work with your team to deliver working software. The LevelUp team will offer guidance and hands-on support to help you get your product across the line. Make no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!

###Where?

LevelUp will be held in the Sydney ThoughtWorks Office on Level 8, 51 Pitt Street, Sydney.

###When will the LevelUp course be held?

Kickoff day is on 11th of April and is filled with games, workshops and group work. Then we'll meet weekly from the 14th of April, every **Tuesday night** from 6pm till 9pm, for 8 weeks.

###What are the different roles?

Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership, and overall quality. You will have to collaborate on **all** aspects of the project to ensure kick-ass software!

- Business analysts work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers build the software.
- Testers help ensure the overall quality of the product, and provide feedback to developers and business analysts.
- Experience designers champion the end-to-end experience of using the product, and broadly coach the team's design decisions based on feedback gained from interviews with potential users.

###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?

To make this the best experience we can, we need cross functional teams with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept everyone, places are limited.

###How do I register?

Watch this space, you'll be able to register soon.
