---
layout: event
type: course
city: Sydney
event: LevelUp Build
title:
active: true
date: !!timestamp 2015-08-22
location:
  description: ThoughtWorks Sydney<br /> 8/51 Pitt St Sydney, NSW 2000
  url: https://www.google.com.au/maps/place/ThoughtWorks+Sydney/@-33.863001,151.208787,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x6b12ae42229e02a9:0x339b7ae0de393bb1
registration:
  state: open
  url: http://goo.gl/forms/0d7gAAhYXW
key-dates:
  - name: Kick Off
    value: Sat 22 Aug 2015, 9am - 5pm
  - name: Duration
    value: 7 Weeks
  - name: Regular Classes
    value: Every Tuesday starting Tue 25 Aug 2015, 6pm - 9pm
  - name: Final Showcase
    value: Sat 10 Oct 2015, (time TBA)
---
###Who is this for?

LevelUp is for students approaching the end of their course who are seeking to have an insight into real software delivery projects.

###What am I going to learn?

This course is designed to bridge the gap between university and your first full time job.
You'll experience real world [Agile software development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development)
first-hand. You'll learn all about inceptions, standups, story writing, continuous delivery, test automation, pairing, test-driven development, retrospectives and more.

###How?

When you start the course you will meet your team and product owner. From then on you will work with your team to deliver working software.
The LevelUp team will offer guidance and hands-on support to help you get your product across the line. Make no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!

###What are the different roles?

Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership and the overall quality of the project.
You will have to collaborate on **all** aspects of the project to ensure kick-ass software!

- Analysts work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers build the software.

###Is this an internship?

LevelUp events are not internships, but you will receive a certificate to show that you've taken part.

###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?

To make this the best experience we can, we need cross functional teams with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept everyone, places are limited.
