---
published: false
layout: event
type: course
city: Johannesburg
event: LevelUp
title: Design. Build. Test. Deploy.
date: !!timestamp 2014-04-12
location:
  url: http://www.thoughtworks.com/contact-us
registration:
  open: false
  url: http://thoughtworks.us7.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=e01f405fabad2dd5617122558&amp;id=542fb5a00d
key-dates:
  - name: Kick Off
    value: SAT 22 MAR 2014, 9AM - 5PM
  - name: Duration
    value: 8 Weeks
  - name: Regular Classes
    value: Every Monday starting MON 24 MAR 2014, 6PM - 9PM
---
###What am I going to learn?

This course is designed to bridge the gap between university and your first full time job.
You'll experience real world [Agile software development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development)
first-hand. You'll learn all about inceptions, standups, story writing, continuous delivery, test automation, pairing, test-driven development, retrospectives and more.

###How?

When you start the course you will meet your team, product owners and
come up with a concept working with open data. From then on you will
work with your team to deliver a product that uses that data to do
something interesting. The LevelUp team will offer guidance and
hands-on support to help you get your software across the line.  Make
no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!

###When is it?

The kickoff day is on the 29nd March and filled with games, workshops
and group work. Then, we meet weekly from the 24th of March, every
**Saturday starting at 11am.**

###What are the different roles?

Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership, overall
quality. You will have to collaborate on **all** aspects of the project to ensure a kick-ass product!

- Business analysts - work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers - will build the software.
- Testers - help ensure the overall quality of the product, and provide feedback to developers and business analysts.

###What happens when I pick a role - am I stuck with it?

In order to ensure balanced teams, we need people to stick with their
role. However, because this is an agile team, just because you're a
developer doesn't mean you'll be writing code all the time.

###What do I need to bring?

Nothing! Food and drinks will be provided. You may bring your own
laptop if you want, but machines will be provided for you to work on.

###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?

To make this the best experience we can we need cross functional teams
with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business
analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept
everyone, places are limited.