---
layout: event
event: LevelUp Build
title: Game of Codes
city: Mogadishu
date: !!timestamp 2015-04-11
location:
  url: http://maps.google.com
type: course
registration:
  open: true
  url: http://www.google.com
schedule:
  kick-off: Sat 11 Apr 2015, 10AM - 5PM
  course-regular: Every Tue starting 25th of March 6PM - 9PM
  final-showcase: Tue 2 June 2015
  duration: 8 weeks
  agenda:
    - time: 9.00AM
      img: breakfast.jpg
      title: Breakfast!
      description: Breakfast is fun!
    - time: 10.00AM
      img: breakfast.jpg
      title: Breakfast!
      description: Breakfast is fun!
---

### What am I going to learn?
Over 6 weeks, you'll deliver a project from start to finish, guided by a team of ThoughtWorks consultants. We'll teach you everything you need to know along the way, from Agile planning and design to writing and testing your own code. You won't just walk away with working software for your portfolio - you'll have knowledge, skills and experience to hit the ground running in the workplace.
### How?
When you start the course you will meet your team, product owners and come up with a concept for a video game. From then on you will work with your team to deliver a game. The LevelUp team will offer guidance and hands-on support to help you get your software across the line. Make no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!
### When is it?
The kickoff day is on the 22nd March and filled with games, workshops and group work. Then, we meet weekly from the 24th of March, every Monday night from 6pm till 9pm.
### What are the different roles?
Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership, overall quality. You will have to collaborate on all aspects of the project to ensure a kick-ass game!
- Business analysts work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers will build the game.
- Testers help ensure the overall quality of the product, and provide feedback to developers and business analysts.
### What happens when I pick a role—am I stuck with it?
In order to ensure balanced teams, we need people to stick with their role. However, because this is an agile team, just because you're a developer doesn't mean you'll be writing code all the time.
###What do I need to bring?
Developers must bring their own laptop. Food and drinks will be provided. If you're not a developer, a laptop is useful but not essential.
###But I don't know anything about video games.
I'm sure you have some awesome ideas though.
###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?
To make this the best experience we can we need cross functional teams with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept everyone, places are limited.
