---
layout: event
active: true
type: course
city: Melbourne
event: LevelUp Build
title: 2015 Session 1
date: !!timestamp 2015-03-14
location:
  url: https://www.thoughtworkd.com/contact-us
registration:
  open: false
  url: http://www.example.com
key-dates:
  - name: Kick Off
    value: SAT 14 MAR 2015, 9AM - 5PM
  - name: Duration
    value: 8 Weeks
  - name: Regular Classes
    value: Every Tuesday starting TUE 17 MAR 2015, 6PM - 9PM
  - name: Final Showcase
    value: SAT 9 MAY 2015, 6PM - 9PM
---
###Who is this for?

LevelUp is for students approaching the end of their course who are seeking to have an insight into real software delivery projects.

###What am I going to learn?

This course is designed to bridge the gap between university and your first full time job.
You'll experience real world [Agile software development](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development)
first-hand. You'll learn all about inceptions, standups, story writing, continuous delivery, test automation, pairing, test-driven development, retrospectives and more.

###How?

When you start the course you will meet your team and product owner. From then on you will work with your team to deliver working software.
The LevelUp team will offer guidance and hands-on support to help you get your product across the line. Make no mistake though, it's you who will be getting the job done!

###Where?

LevelUp will be held in the Melbourne ThoughtWorks Office on Level 23, 303 Collins Street Melbourne.

###When will the LevelUp course be held?

Kickoff day is on Saturday the 14th of March and is filled with games, workshops and group work. Then we'll meet weekly from the 17th of March, every **Tuesday night** from 6pm till 9pm, for 7 weeks (with a week off for Easter).
There's a special day set aside on Saturday the 9th of May for your team's final showcase and the graduation ceremony.

###What are the different roles?

Everyone is going to be involved in design, taking ownership and the overall quality of the project.
You will have to collaborate on **all** aspects of the project to ensure kick-ass software!

- Analysts work closely with product owners to capture requirements and figure out the details.
- Developers build the software.

###Is this an internship?

LevelUp events are not internships, but you will receive a certificate to show that you've taken part.

###Am I guaranteed a spot if I register?

To make this the best experience we can, we need cross functional teams with the right combination of people in each role (developer, business analyst and tester). Whilst the LevelUp team would love to accept everyone, places are limited.

###How do I register?

Registrations have now closed. Everyone who registered will be notified if they have been accepted shortly.
